Introduction
Dear reader, is there a link between the following verses in the Bible and the global catastrophes in the 21st century: starting with the fall of the Twin Towers in New York in 2001, the corona pandemic in 2019, the war in Europe in 2022 and the seemingly ever-increasing natural disasters?
Four Biblical texts:
"Then they said, "Come, let us build ourselves a city (Babylon) and a tower with its top in the heavens, and let us make a name for ourselves, lest we be dispersed over the face of the whole earth." Gen. 11:4
"And on every lofty mountain and every high hill there will be brooks running with water, in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall." Isa. 30:25.
"For at that time I will change the speech of the peoples to a pure language, that all of them may call upon the name of the LORD and serve him with one accord." Zeph. 3:9 
"… her (Babylon’s) plagues will come in a single day, death and mourning and famine, and she will be burned up with fire; for mighty is the Lord God who has judged her."" Rev. 18:8
As we will see, these prophecies and events that span the first and last book of the Bible are linked together, and this insight will shed light upon troubled minds who look at all the calamities and wonder what will come next. 
Current Events
The coronavirus pandemic was worse than the fall of the World Trade Center. Around 3,000 people died on September 11,2001 because of the terrorist attacks. During the pandemic this number was reached and surpassed daily in the USA for some time. At this writing over 1,000,000 deaths are associated with corona in the USA. Now that the pandemic seems to have slowed down, the war in Ukraine, which has been going on since 2014, escalated into a full-blown conflict in 2022. The angst of many people seems to be even greater. Famines are predicted to spread to larger parts of the world and in addition to these calamities you can hear people talking about the ever-growing threat of global climate change as well as devastating floods, storms and droughts.
The world seems to comprehend neither what is going on, nor how to fix it. So let us turn to God and search for answers.
Can the Word and Wisdom of God Explain It?
The Bible says: "For the Lord GOD does nothing without revealing his secret to his servants the prophets." Amos 3:7
In fact, the Bible does give a roadmap to mankind: "The revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave him to show to his servants the things that must soon take place. He made it known by sending his angel to his servant John," Rev 1:1. Although it is true that the prophecies are sometimes in images and the meaning is not often clear, there is also another promise God gives us: "If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask God, who gives generously to all without reproach, and it will be given him." James 1:5. Wisdom has the promise of solving the riddles of the wise. "The proverbs of Solomon, son of David, king of Israel: To know wisdom and instruction, to understand words of insight," Prov 1:1-2
Why does God inform us about what will happen?
What Good Does It Do to Make Sense of What Is Happening?
“Then you will walk on your way securely, and your foot will not stumble. If you lie down, you will not be afraid; when you lie down, your sleep will be sweet. Do not be afraid of sudden terror or of the ruin of the wicked, when it comes, for the LORD will be your confidence and will keep your foot from being caught.” Prov 3:23-26 
Wisdom gives us security and peace. Wisdom and prophecies will allow us also to avoid calamities, because it is written: "The prudent sees danger and hides himself, but the simple go on and suffer for it." Prov 22:3
Condition for Getting Insight
Before we search for relevant prophecies, as well as wisdom to interpret them, this important truth must be pointed out  to ensure that all readers will benefit from this. 
Jesus Christ says: "For everyone who does wicked things hates the light and does not come to the light, lest his deeds should be exposed." John 3:20
Therefore, I urge all readers to turn away from evil and to let go of all evil ways and violence by your own hands. When we seek wisdom, we must prepare our hearts and minds by turning from evil. Otherwise, our own hearts will keep us from wanting to understand and believe. There is a deception out there that people hide their ignorance behind the saying: “I do not believe that.” As if it was a matter of uncertainty when they were taught the truth and called to act on this truth. If you act wickedly and intend to keep on doing so, you are not interested in understanding the whole truth and coming to Jesus and his prophecies.
So, I must ask: Are we willing to be taught by God and change our ways? Whenever we seek truth and knowledge, we will be led to decide either to yield to what we were shown or to refuse to listen. Therefore, it is said that we must buy wisdom with all that we have. Wisdom comes with a price tag. All you learn is something new you have not thought of. Learning from Jesus can mean that you learn something you do not want to obey. Therefore, Jesus Christ says that whoever is not denying himself and carrying his cross cannot be his student. The Bible does not really use the term Christian but rather disciple, which simply means pupil or student. Someone who is willing to learn from God and apply what he has learned. 
When joining the army recruits must go through boot camp. There is a boot camp for all who want to be students of God. 
Objection Answered
Maybe a reader is willing to let go of his evil ways, yet he wonders whether God would ever forgive him because he committed capital crimes or has led an extraordinarily wicked life. Is it possible for him to join boot camp? Yes. We know that God has raised Jesus from the dead because over 500 people have witnessed him being resurrected. Jesus did not die because of any crime he committed. He voluntarily died for the crimes we committed. God accepted this sacrifice given for us by raising him from the dead. Now he offers forgiveness of all sins no matter how grave they were for all who repent and are willing to become students of Christ. In case you wonder whether there is forgiveness for you. Yes, there is.
What Are Key Errors in Interpreting Prophecy?
Maybe you know the Three cup trick. A ball is placed under one cup standing next to two other cups. Then the position of the cups is changed quickly, and the viewer must pay attention to where the cup with the ball has been moved. In the end the cup with the ball under it must be picked. Usually, the wrong cup is picked because at one point the cup with the ball is lifted slightly and the ball is quickly pushed to another cup which is also lifted slightly on one side. The deception usually goes unnoticed because of the speed and skill of the man performing the deception. 
Wrong interpretations can have lots of logical and biblical parts, but at a specific point a false step is taken that leads the interpretation of large parts of the prophecy into a false direction. 
Once Jesus told his disciples that he would go to Jerusalem, suffer many things, and die. Peter answered that this should not happen to him. Jesus rebuked him sharply adding: "…you are not setting your mind on the things of God, but on the things of man." Matt 16:23
We humans tend to not like to suffer or have any difficulty. Therefore, we are open for setting our mind on the things of man and not the things of God. This plays into interpreting prophecies as well. Coming back to the three cup trick: we err when at one point we allow a human thought to be introduced that is not mindful of the things of God. A thought that is widely accepted, considered good and true among humans, and goes down a path that bypasses suffering can lead us astray. Therefore, it is easy to interpret prophecies of the last book of the Bible, called Revelation, falsely and get by with it.
We were looking at an interpretation scheme comparable to the three cup trick. All moves but one follow truth and logic and you are deceived in the end. How much more will you be off if most moves deceive?  How can this be?
In respect to prophecy the following statement of the wisdom of God must be considered very carefully.
"Whoever trusts in his own mind is a fool, but he who walks in wisdom will be delivered." Prov 28:26
Wisdom is not discovered by relying on your own understanding. Wisdom must be given by God and builds on the instructions of wisdom taught by God. Therefore, we will first search out insights that wisdom teaches about fundamental things in the life of each person, nation, and the world. This wisdom will direct us to the right interpretation of the prophecies mentioned at the beginning.
Since wisdom comes from God only. I will start with praying that God  give us wisdom, insight, and understanding because it is written. "If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask God, who gives generously to all without reproach, and it will be given him." James 1:5. Heavenly Father, please give us insight and wisdom to be able to interpret your prophecies and to understand what is going on, what will happen soon and how we will get through it safely. Please open our eyes also for the marvelous things ahead and how to attain them.
Lastly, I will point out another error in interpreting prophecies. Allow me to remind you that moral instructions are woven into wisdom. Wisdom is key to interpretation. Moral instructions are key to wisdom. Therefore, the understanding of prophecy is protected by learning and doing what is right. God secures this knowledge of prophecy by a heart which has repented from pursuing evil and a treacherous path. Therefore, do not be surprised when we will now look at good and evil and the root of evil. 
Let us compare God’s encoding of prophecies with secure communication over the internet. Secure communication uses keys with which messages are encoded. Only if you know the key are you able to decode the message. On the internet a sequence of characters is used to form a key. God uses a sequence of commandments that lead to a pure life to secure his information. Only if people apply these instructions to their life will they be able to decode his message. 
"A scoffer seeks wisdom in vain, but knowledge is easy for a man of understanding." Prov14:6
Fundamentals of Wisdom
The Fear of the Lord Is the Beginning of Wisdom
What is the fear of the Lord? God’s advice to teenagers gives us an idea of what the fear of the Lord is: "Rejoice, O young man, in your youth, and let your heart cheer you in the days of your youth. Walk in the ways of your heart and the sight of your eyes. But know that for all these things God will bring you into judgment." Ecc 11:9. Wickedness opposes this view saying: “There is no God and there is no judgment”.  God is very clear that we will be judged.  Considering this judgment and our wicked hearts we start to fear and rightly so. Another core statement of wisdom is this. "If the righteous is repaid on earth, how much more the wicked and the sinner!" Prov 11:31
If a person starts to realize this truth, he starts to become wise. He will start to notice his indwelling sin and he will look for salvation because he will dread the just judgement. He will seek the mercy of God. He will seek the truth about God and how to obtain mercy. He will seek and find God because God has promised that those who seek will find. 
Mercy has thus far kept him from being struck dead, even though he sinned and did not seek God. But mankind is so indisposed to seek God that he only starts to learn righteousness because of judgments. This truth is written in Isaiah: "My soul yearns for you in the night; my spirit within me earnestly seeks you. For when your judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world learn righteousness. If favor is shown to the wicked, he does not learn righteousness; in the land of uprightness, he deals corruptly and does not see the majesty of the LORD." Isa 26:9-10. There are well meaning people who do not believe this and despise the fear of God.  Instead they start out telling the world that God loves them hoping for the world to repent. But mankind is too evil to repent without judgement. It was undeserved kindness that God created men and women and placed them into his beautiful creation. It was God’s mercy that has put up with them ever since they sinned. Every person has already experienced the mercy of God and therefore it had been influencing their hearts already. Mankind had sinned even against the experience of the mercies of God. So how can you expect man to repent when they have resisted mercy already? Because of the wickedness of mankind, the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Dear reader, I hope you are not offended because I talk about the evil in us humans so directly. I am German and it is said about Germans that we are very direct. I talk about us humans in such a direct way because flattery will not solve any of our problems in truth. We must face our moral fabric and come to grips with the fact that we are wicked when all flatteries and protocols are laid aside. What good does it do to make us proud by lies, when lies will be exposed and all wickedness judged? Let us be direct and honest and admit the wickedness and deceitfulness of our hearts. Then we can go from there in truth looking for true solutions by seeking God and his salvation.
The fear of God pays attention to sin, the law and judgment of God and possible salvation. Usually, mankind is busy with vain thoughts about useless things or thoughts about having fun or about worries of this life, what shall we eat and drink and how can we provide for our living. Maybe some of my dear readers have not thought much about good and evil. Now is the time to change that, because there is also a great reward for doing this and pursuing wisdom.
The Root of All Evil
Wouldn’t it be nice to know the root of evil, so we take it into consideration? How many pray for peace once a war breaks out? How many people want this world to be free from strife and corruption? It is decisive to understand the root of evil or roots of evil. If a doctor only treats the symptoms of a disease the patient gets temporary relief but eventually his misery comes back and is sometimes even worse. If you have a cause-and-effect chain, you need to get to the root. If we seek solutions for unrighteousness and injustice, we need to analyze which evils are root causes and which are secondary causes.
Bible Points to the Root Cause
Biblical wisdom does not leave us in the dark about the root of evil. The word of God exposes this root. "For the love of money is the root of all evil.." 1Tim 6:10 KJV. It can also be translated that it is – ‘a’ - root of all evil. How can it be reconciled that you can translate “the root of all evil” or “a root of all evil”? It means that the love of money is not the one and only “root of all evil”. There are instances where there is another root. However, these instances are so much outweighed by the love of money that you can also say, that the love of money is “the” root of all evil. Who does not know how much evil has been committed because of the love of money?
What Is Evil?
Allow me to point out a common misunderstanding when it comes to the concept of evil. Evil is often reduced to only one side of the coin. Only when evil is actively committed. The other side of the coin is often forgotten: the omission of doing good. When there is an accident, and someone is about to die from his injury, it is evil to turn a blind eye to their suffering and not help if it is in one’s power to do so. Let us say someone has recently visited a class about first aid and knows very well what to do but does not do it: he has done evil. Because of the widespread lack of love, we humans forget that the norm of good is love your neighbor as yourself. Only when we act according to this love, do we not do evil. When we love ourselves more and do not do the good that is within our power to do, we already do evil. 
Luxurious Living
In order to see the devastating effect of the love of money, we must consider the full extent of what the love of money causes. It is written: "But those who desire to be rich fall into temptation, into a snare, into many senseless and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction." 1 Tim 6:9. A major part of these desires is made up of luxurious living. 
When there are millions of children dying because of malnutrition and it is within the power of a person to give money to them, and he does not do it, he has done evil. How much help is withheld due to luxurious living? 
What Is a Righteous Standard of Living and What Is Luxurious Living?
The Bible sets the baseline for a righteous standard of living. It says: "But if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content." 1 Tim. 6:8. A jet-ski or skiing vacation are not essential. How many billions of dollars are spent on these and other diversions while millions of children die of malnutrition? 
When God sent John the Baptist to prepare the way for Jesus Christ, he called the people to repentance and when asked what a righteous life would look like he said: "Bear fruits in keeping with repentance. And do not begin to say to yourselves, 'We have Abraham as our father.' For I tell you, God is able from these stones to raise up children for Abraham. Even now the axe is laid to the root of the trees. Every tree therefore that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire." And the crowds asked him, ‘What then shall we do?’ And he answered them, ‘Whoever has two tunics is to share with him who has none, and whoever has food is to do likewise.’ Tax collectors also came to be baptized and said to him, ‘Teacher, what shall we do?’ And he said to them, ‘Collect no more than you are authorized to do.’ Soldiers also asked him, ‘And we, what shall we do?’ And he said to them, ‘Do not extort money from anyone by threats or by false accusation and be content with your wages." Luke 3:8-14. 
We can only wear one shirt at a time. Some people do not even have                                                                                    enough to buy one shirt. Because of the industrial revolution so many more things can be produced and used. However, this mega increase in goods has not been divided evenly throughout the world. As said before, profit however, does look for opportunities all over the world and those that are left behind can then be exploited. 
God’s will for using profit is this principle: "I do not mean that others should be eased and you burdened, but that as a matter of fairness your abundance at the present time should supply their need, so that their abundance may supply your need, that there may be fairness. As it is written, "Whoever gathered much had nothing left over, and whoever gathered little had no lack." 2 Cor 8:13-15. So, as long as onehas abundance and another  has lack, extra money cannot go to a better standard of living but to those in need.
Luxurious Life Must Be Viewed Globally 
When it comes to determining who lives in luxury, we humans are tempted to just look at those who are better off. Let us look at income. How can a pair of jeans be bought for 10 Euros? Workers in Bangladesh earn so little. Elsewhere in the world someone is traveling several times a year, drives a small Mercedes and goes out to eat regularly. When asked whether he lives in luxury he can either look at the whole world or look at those who are better off. If he would like to have a Porsche and a yacht, he would probably notice those who have these things. And if his heart is hard towards the poor in the world, he would not consider the billions who live on a couple of dollars a day. But is it fair and the right thing to do to take all the people of the world into account when determining a luxurious lifestyle? When we consider the products we consume, we will realize that they come from all over the world, including some very poor countries. Rich countries take advantage of the third world countries when it comes to economic, financial, and communication ties. Because we are also economically connected to very poor countries it is fair to take them into account when determining a luxurious lifestyle. The main reason however, to take them into account is that we know about their misery, and we have ways to help them. Because of computer technology news and information from all over the world is gathered and can be very easily accessed worldwide within seconds. A couple of decades ago, you had to go to a library and then look for relevant information. Nowadays, you ask your smart phone, and the relevant information is presented to you right away. Next to the knowledge of what is going on, transferring money to rated institutions is very easy. In fact, it is easier to send money to a needy person in Africa than to help your elderly neighbor by putting out their garbage can. The world has taken advantage of the more globalized structure of this world   to increase the wealth of some. However, this very structure has also increased their moral responsibility to share because of the knowledge about the need, as well as much better ways, including being able to help instantly.
Example of a Society With Shared Guilt
What were the sins of Sodom and Gomorrah? The Bible says: "Behold, this was the guilt of your sister Sodom: she and her daughters had pride, excess of food, and prosperous ease, but did not aid the poor and needy." Eze 16:49. Sodom and Gomorrah are known nowadays for sexual immorality and not so much for what we have just read, if at all. The poor were not helped. The Bible charges a large segment or all people of Nineveh and Gomorrah with the sin of living in luxury and not helping the poor.
What Is an Evil Luxurious Lifestyle 
An evil luxurious lifestyle is when these circumstances come together: You have extra money after you have taken care of basic things like buying food, clothing, providing for housing and some little extras. There are people who have not got the basics. You know about them, and you have ways to help them. Instead of helping them you spend your money for services and goods beyond this basic lifestyle. If all are provided for you are welcome to spend more for yourself but not before that point. Some preachers abuse Bible verses to prove that God wants some of us to live in prosperity before all children of God have at least got the basics. Oftentimes these preachers live in mansions and have extravagant wardrobes, but basic understanding of the commandment of brotherly love will expose their scheme as demonic and devilish.  
Trusting Men Instead of God 
When it comes to managing extra money, there is another wicked path that is not considered evil at all by a wide portion of society and is even accepted among Christians.  
Where do you lay up money for a coming season of trouble or for retirement? Jesuexplains the alternatives this way: “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.” Matt 6:19-21. You can either bring your money to the bank or to God. God promises to repay as much as the bank does. God says: “Whoever is generous to the poor lends to the LORD, and he will repay him for his deed.” Prov 19:17. Please allow me to remind you that in the beginning I pointed out that we humans are open to being mindful of the things of man instead of God. When it comes to prophecies, human thoughts are introduced that blur the understanding of prophecies. Here we have one example of men doing evil without realizing it. God is insulted and provoked when people trust banks more than God. Even Christians seem to mistrust God and bring their money to banks instead of the bank of God in heaven. This mistrust is in direct competition with the needs of the poor. Banks do not keep the money in a vault. They hand it out to someone else and even more than they received, because governments allow them to do so. If all people would go to the bank to get their money the bank would have to shut down because it cannot repay everyone. All banks promise to repay what you give them, God does as well. Yet people insult God by trusting banks more than God and putting more faith in banks than in God.  
There is a financial and economical principle and commandment that seems to be forgotten in large parts of Christendom. I have mentioned it before: “For I do not mean that others should be eased and you burdened, but that as a matter of fairness your abundance at the present time should supply their need, so that their abundance may supply your need, that there may be fairness. As it is written, “Whoever gathered much had nothing left over, and whoever gathered little had no lack.” 2 Cor 8:13-15. 
I hope we all realize what the will of God is. He wants to bring equality into this world by having those he has given more share with those he has given less. Banks have replaced God’s role when it comes to saving for retirement or a dry season. God is jealous and we will look at a prophecy later where God tells us: “...for in the fire of my jealousy all the earth shall be consumed.” Zeph 3:8. Man’s mistrust towards God   demonstrated by heaping up money in financial institutions is one reason for this jealousy.
How Does the Love of Money Spread?
Wisdom teaches us an outward scheme for spreading the love of money and evil. "My son, if sinners entice you, do not consent." Prov 1:10. The passage goes on to point to greed as the motivation because those sinners say: "…we shall find all precious goods, we shall fill our houses with plunder;" Prov 1:13. Usually humans are enticed by others. Who does not know about an incident in one’s youth when he was enticed to do something evil by others? The scheme behind the enticement is described this way by wisdom: folly tells the person "Stolen water is sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant." Prov 9:17. At some point everyone becomes aware of God and knows that God is good and therefore punishes evil. The enticement deals with this by blatantly lying that there is no God who judges evil, rather evil leads to more fun and pleasure.
Wisdom talks about sinners who entice. Let us look at the different sizes of groups of sinners. Teenagers like to hang out in peer groups: just a couple of people can entice others to follow them. A bigger group can be a sub-culture, a group that shares a hobby, a religious group, a political party, or a cultural movement. Since communication technology brings the world to our smartphones these groups can be national or international. The size, net-worth, popularity, political power and degree to which riches play a role within the group, differs among the groups of sinners enticing the individuals. Wisdom talks about another characteristic of these enticing sinners. "…throw in your lot among us; we will all have one purse…" Prov 1:14. The members of the groups have a friendly relationship or comradery. They offer a place of acceptance and love. Sinners can and do love some people. Jesus says about them. "For if you love those who love you, what reward do you have? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?" Matt 5:46. However, these groups do not love those they oppress or take advantage of. 
   Lastly, we look at a special group of people because they differ in political power: governments having an alliance with economical forces. The slave trade starting in the 17th century is one example of governments together with economic power players forming a group of sinners  to entice others.
The Bible gives an account of how a government is drawn into unrighteousness:
The Love of Money Within Governments
There is an important passage in the Bible about the king of Tyre. Tyre was a rich city and a world trade center. It was very rich, and many countries profited from trading with Tyre. What does God say to the king of Tyre:  "You were blameless in your ways from the day you were created, till unrighteousness was found in you. In the abundance of your trade you were filled with violence in your midst, and you sinned; so I cast you as a profane thing from the mountain of God, and I destroyed you, O guardian cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire." Ezek 28:15-16. 
Governments can become evil, and the word “politician” is not a proverbial term for an upright, honest and faithful person, who hates bribes and riches. Governments can and do turn evil and we will get into the history of this process later. Governments are supposed to protect the rights of the poor because it is the poor that suffer from violence. 
When groups of people join hands to take advantage of the poor, the poor should have the government on their side to defend them. If the government is faithfully protecting the poor, it will take up arms against these groups. God has given the government the sword to defend the rights of the poor. This way they secure their existence: "If a king faithfully judges the poor, his throne will be established forever." Prov 29:14. "Steadfast love and faithfulness preserve the king, and by steadfast love his throne is upheld." Prov 20:28. 
However, governments are also enticed to join sinners in going after the poor. We will look at this later. 
How Does Jesus Address the Root of Evil?
The Bible tells the world that Jesus Christ is not just a prophet or teacher but the Word of God, and God. Therefore, we should pay close attention to what the person with the highest authority here on earth says. Jesus describes serving riches as completely opposed to leading a righteous life and serving God. "No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and money." Matt 6:24. Jesus identifies these two opposing alternatives for men: serving money or serving God. Jesus does not address idolatry in the form of serving carved images. But he has a lot to say about money and luxury. Since Jesus has been seated next to his Father in heaven where he rules over the earth, he gives us people these two prospects of life. "Blessed are you who are hungry now, for you shall be satisfied. Blessed are you who weep now, for you shall laugh. Blessed are you when people hate you and when they exclude you and revile you and spurn your name as evil, on account of the Son of Man! Rejoice in that day, and leap for joy, for behold, your reward is great in heaven; for so their fathers did to the prophets. But woe to you who are rich, for you have received your consolation. Woe to you who are full now, for you shall be hungry. Woe to you who laugh now, for you shall mourn and weep. Woe to you, when all people speak well of you, for so their fathers did to the false prophets." Luke 6:21-26. 
There is also another very troubling parable he gives us to consider closely. "There was a rich man who was clothed in purple and fine linen and who feasted sumptuously every day. And at his gate was laid a poor man named Lazarus, covered with sores, who desired to be fed with what fell from the rich man's table. Moreover, even the dogs came and licked his sores. The poor man died and was carried by the angels to Abraham's side. The rich man also died and was buried, and in Hades, being in torment, he lifted up his eyes and saw Abraham far off and Lazarus at his side. And he called out, 'Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus to dip the end of his finger in water and cool my tongue, for I am in anguish in this flame.' But Abraham said, 'Child, remember that you in your lifetime received your good things, and Lazarus in like manner bad things; but now he is comforted here, and you are in anguish. And besides all this, between us and you a great chasm has been fixed, in order that those who would pass from here to you may not be able, and none may cross from there to us.' And he said, 'Then I beg you, father, to send him to my father's house-- for I have five brothers--so that he may warn them, lest they also come into this place of torment.' But Abraham said, 'They have Moses and the Prophets; let them hear them.' And he said, 'No, father Abraham, but if someone goes to them from the dead, they will repent.' He said to him, 'If they do not hear Moses and the Prophets, neither will they be convinced if someone should rise from the dead.'" Luke 16:19-31
